[Screeching]
Hey, where did you go?
Just out.
[Sighs]
He's so mysterious.
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
[Telephone ringing]
MR. TANAKA:
Thorndyke residence.
Very good, sir.
Your father has requested
that I inform you
he and your mother will be
stopping by for a visit
this afternoon.
Wow, Ella!
They're coming to see me!
What a nice surprise.
It's not even my birthday!
Uh-oh.
Is there something wrong?
No, I'm all done.
Can I go now?
Yes, go ahead.
See you later!
Hmm?
Oh.
Something is up.
I've got to go to school,
so I'm counting on you
to stay out of sight
when my parents show up.
Gotcha.
No problem.
Yeah, sure.
You can count on us.
It won't be for long.
Mom and Dad's visits
have to be short
because they both have
busy schedules.
Hey, Sonic.
Is he mad at me?
Don't mind him.
Get going, Chris.
You'll be late for school
if you don't hurry up.
Wahh!
- [Crash]
- I'm okay!
[Sighing]
Chris sure is happy about
his folks' visit, huh, Chuck?
Mm-hmm.
He is.
What do they do?
Chris' dad is president
of a huge software company.
He spends most of his time
at the office
or traveling on business.
And what about his mom?
She's a star.
A famous actress who jets all
around the world making movies.
I bet it's pretty tough
for Chris
not having his parents around
most of the time.
Yes.
He must miss them.
[Growls]
I've got to think of something!
Nah.
[Growls]
I've got to think of a way
to conquer this planet!
Perhaps the children.
Maybe one of my robots could
brainwash the school kiddies
so that they'd love me
and look up to me as a hero,
and they could persuade
their parents
to accept me as their ruler.
Here are your choices.
Let's see.
This is a tough one.
I'll let the machine decide.
Perfect!
That doesn't even make sense!
I don't even know
where to start.
I'm totally lost.
- Should we wake him up?
- No, don't!
Then he'll put us to sleep.
My, my, what
an intelligent-Iooking class!
Huh?
Oh, perhaps I've arrived
during nap time.
I'm sorry.
What are you?
Hmm, I'll give you
three guesses, young man.
You're a robot.
A robot teacher!
Hmm.
Goodbye.
I'm taking over.
You are?
I am.
How's that?
Oh!
They're replacing me
with a robot, huh?
Wait till I give that principal
a piece of my mind!
[Growls]
Delicious.
How dare you?
Oh.
I'm glad to know
you never hired that robot.
My students
will be relieved, too.
[Laughter]
And that's how to crack
an equation.
Mathematics is a breeze when you
keep your eye on the "PI."
Now it's starting to make sense.
It's easy.
All right!
- Yeah!
- Wow!
He's great.
That robot is a great teacher.
Sit in on his class
and study his technique.
[Whines]
But, sir.
[Laughter]
Thank you, class.
It's an honor to teach you.
There's something fishy here.
I'd better check this out
with headquarters.
Come in.
This is Chalkboard Charlie
calling Homeroom
with a Code Red priority alert.
Let me get this straight.
You want us to send out
our land, sea, and air forces
because a robot kicked you
out of your classroom?
Roger.
I'll transmit my coordinates.
[Laughs]
Wait till Control hears this!
[Moans]
Seems like we're having
technical difficulties.
I'll have to go to the police.
So you were assaulted by a robot
who took over your class,
and now he's holding
all your students prisoner?
Stay right there.
I'll be over in a jiff
to investigate.
Where is that cop?
He's late.
- Hmm?
- [Siren wailing]
Well, finally!
Hurry, hurry, hurry!
Come on, officer!
The kids are in danger!
Let's move it!
Just remember.
The robot's dangerous.
[Gasps]
That mechanical menace
kidnapped the kids!
I've always wanted to play
baseball.
Shall we?
[Cheering]
Well, what are we waiting for?
Play ball!
Throw it to me!
Over here!
Right there.
You knock it down,
and I'll attempt to disable
its power supply.
There's no time to lose.
Remember to keep your wrist
relaxed all through the pitch,
like so.
You see?
Doesn't seem like those kids
are in danger to me.
It looks like
they're having a great time.
I wish I was out there playing.
Stop pigging out and arrest him!
Hey!
I'm nailing you
for burger burglary!
Drop that sandwich, scumbo!
[Growls]
I wonder if Inteligente
has successfully brainwashed
those brats
into admiring me yet.
I'd better look
and see how it's going.
Ugh!
What's this?
I'm ready!
Put it over the plate!
You can do it!
Throw the curve ball!
Whoa!
Look at it go!
Mr. Inteligente is amazing.
My first home run!
How thrilling!
Baseball is such
an exhilarating activity.
Inteligente sure is a hit
with his students.
They love him.
He's supposed to make
those kids love me,
not himself.
- Welcome home.
- Thank you.
Lindsey, Nelson.
Good to see you, Dad.
Hello, Father.
How is everything going
here at home?
Wonderfully well, now that
the two of you are here.
When does Chris get back
from school?
Chris' dad
seems like a nice guy.
His mom is really pretty.
Don't you think so, Sonic?
Hmm.
Oh.
- Yay!
- Go, Danny!
Knock it out!
Wow, nice shot!
That one's gone!
That's the greatest catch ever.
Huh?
Whoa!
He's cool.
Well, well, well,
seems the old retro-thrusters
aren't as rusty as I thought.
[Laughs]
Reminds me of my early days
on the cricket field
when I was little bigger
than a laptop.
[Laughs]
Message for you.
Bokkun!
Dr. Eggman has
a message for you.
Hmm?
A message?
How'd you like to visit
the junkyard?
Do you mean he's miffed at me?
Sure, the doc's angry.
Those kids are supposed
to get stuck on him,
not you, bucketbrain.
That used to be my mission.
Huh?
Aah!
I'm afraid all that's changed.
Huh?
How come?
I was sent here to make these
students admire Dr. Eggman,
but I found it
far more rewarding
to be admired myself.
What?
You blow a circuit or something?
Don't you know Dr. Eggman
will turn you into scrap
metal, you barrel of bolts?
Mr. Inteligente,
what's going on?
Dr. Eggman may do with me
as he wishes,
but I refuse to abandon
the students in my charge.
You're the greatest teacher
I know.
I wish all teachers
were as great as you are.
Me too.
Same here.
Oh, thank you.
That's wonderful.
[Crying]
Stop crying and teach those
kids to admire Dr. Eggman!
[Cries]
Now I'm crying.
He lost it.
That crybaby.
[Growls]
Ha!
They should like me!
[Growls]
[Bell ringing]
I'll see you all tomorrow,
class.
- See ya!
- Bye-bye!
I've got to hurry home now,
guys.
Yeah?
How come?
'Cause my mom and dad
are coming home for a visit.
See ya!
Huh?
Aah!
Inteligente.
Aah! Oh, my hard drive,
it's you!
I bet you think you're smart
for disobeying my orders,
you transistorized traitor,
but I'll fix you.
Oh!
No, please don't disassemble me!
Chris, help me get away!
Huh?
But what about what
you said a few minutes ago
when you swore
you'd never abandon us
no matter what Dr. Eggman
threatened to do to you?
I really said, "No matter what"?
You did.
We all heard it.
I suppose there's no way
around it then.
What was I thinking?
[Laughs]
What's so funny?
You don't really believe
that sniveling circuit box
plans to keep his promise?
I'm ordering him to keep you
in detention,
where you'll be forced
to respect me.
No way.
What a snake!
Listen, robot, unless you want
to end up in a scrap heap,
you'll follow my orders.
Sir!
I'm not staying.
I've got to go home.
Not so fast.
You'll stay in detention
with the rest
till Dr. Eggman dismisses you.
I wonder what's keeping Chris.
He knows you two
are here to see him.
What if there's been
an accident?
I'm sure my security people
would find out and contact me.
You're right.
He's probably playing
with his friends
and simply hasn't noticed
the time.
ELLA:
I wonder what's keeping Chris.
Dinner's almost ready.
Perhaps I should go
and look for him.
You know the Thorndykes
don't want Chris babied
or treated different
from other kids.
I'm sure he's fine.
I'm going to look for the boy.
Nelson, have some faith
in your son.
Huh?
Right.
He's a level-headed boy,
and I'm sure there's
a good reason why he's late.
We have to stay calm!
[Thinking] He hasn't changed
since he was a boy.
I'm getting worried now, too.
Hey, Sonic!
Could you go look?
- Huh?
For today's art class,
we will sketch the illustrious
figure of the great Dr. Eggman.
As you draw, take special note
of the doctor's noble visage
and dignified bearing.
Does this pose inspire you?
How about something
more dynamic?
Ugh. It doesn't matter
how Eggman stands.
He'll always look terrible.
Huh?
Whoa!
Hey, what was that?
Wha...
Perhaps a pose like a champion.
You mean a chump!
You're so busy showing off,
you haven't noticed
we're under attack!
I always knew
you were a poser, Eggman.
Inteligente!
Yes, sir.
Get rid of Sonic.
- Who's Sonic?
[Gasps]
Yes, sir.
Whatever you say!
Wow!
He's tough.
Here, Sonic.
Your prize.
What prize?
A little reward
for your victory.
I don't want a booby prize.
Fine.
You take it.
No, thanks.
Keep it.
Yuck.
Who'd want that?
Nasty.
All right, I'll wear it myself.
Bye.
He's a weirdo.
Yeah.
He could keep me after school
for a million years,
and I still wouldn't admire him.
You better hurry home, Chris.
Your parents are waiting.
Yeah, that's right.
He's so cool.
He sure is.
Maybe there's more
to being a schoolteacher
than just passing out homework
and taking naps in class.
Enjoying my burger, bub?
Hey, get back here!
Stop chewing, you thief!
One more nibble, and I'll
call out the S.W.A.T. Team!
Hey, Mom and Dad, I'm home!
Oh!
It's Chris!
[Laughter]
Son.
Oh, my, I was so worried.
I told your mother
you could look after yourself,
but she wouldn't listen.
Sorry.
I got held up at school.
[Dad laughs]
Of course, I knew there was
absolutely nothing
to worry about.
When I was your age,
I was kept after school
a few times myself.
[Laughs]
Oh, I'm sure Chris
is better behaved
than you were, dear.
That's for sure.
Actually, Chris, your father was
more worried about your absence
than he lets on.
Wasn't he, Tanaka?
Well, Mr. Thorndyke
was concerned enough
to phone the president.
And Mrs. Thorndyke
called all the TV networks
to get a bulletin
on the nightly news.
Oh, I didn't call all of them.
The Thorndykes seem like
a real nice family,
don't they, Amy?
I'm glad Chris made it
back home in time.
Uh-huh.
It always feels good
to get back home.
Hmm.